This is a head-gum original.
I mean it's another edition of the head-gum podcast with a very special guest Andrew
Pile.
Thanks for having me.
You were just saying that you have some news you wanted to share?
No, it's actually private.
I wanted to leave off the show.
That's what you said.
I thought you said leave off.
Yes.
I could leave the news now.
That's why I said it before.
We had started recording.
Okay.
Well it's just sometimes you like plant ideas that we can kind of call back to.
You can register as independent.
Yeah.
Um, what's the point of that?
So it's on the record.
You like when things are on the record.
Is that fair to say?
Sometimes.
Okay.
So I prefer if something's that.
Avenue.
I think we should say.
Is that not where you live?
No.
Maria.
What time is it there?
550.
And then pile where is it where you are?
Um, it is.
Yeah.
It's about 556.
pile.
Why does it look like you're.
There's snow behind you.
That's grass.
I think it's just the light.
I'm in the basement.
So it's very bright out.
These are very special edition of the episodes.
Yeah.
Is that fair to say?
I guess that's fair.
I don't know man.
Welcome to.
Casey.
What do you think this is going to be?
Well.
Wow.
I'm coming in real hot on my own headphones.
Um.
Well.
I know.
I know that.
I'm just said that you requested us specifically.
It's the study hall episode.
Of course.
It's the study hall episode man.
We're going to brush up on some topics that not a lot of people have studied.
Is that why you're dressed like an English teacher?
A cool English teacher.
Yeah.
Although a compliment from you is sort of like an insult from anyone else.
Um.
That is exactly why I went with the professorial vibe.
Right?
Can you explain why?
Why us?
Why y'all?
Y'all are the most studious amongst us.
Is that true?
You think Brad Hild could then handle the shit?
He's always climbing.
I don't know what's going to happen.
Joel?
Brad Hild is like a caroac mountain climbing Dharma bomb.
Yeah.
He can't handle actually grinding.
Actually studying shit.
Okay.
You agree.
Joel is busy.
He's more of an athlete.
He's not so much a athlete.
And if he was a studyer, he would be a athlete because he's sort of more a stem guy.
He's not so much into the humanities I would say.
And he kind of lacks a certain humanity we should say.
Sure.
Don't just say sure.
Say, I agree.
I agree with part of it.
Pile, how long did it take you to get your master's?
I don't have a master's.
Then why do we get him on the show?
Why are you asking me?
I don't know.
We haven't had him on for a long time.
People are requesting him.
I don't know.
I'm sort of my loyal.
Lesting me.
Well, nobody really.
But people were making fun of you.
We said something on the last week's episode.
We mentioned you and then somebody commented Andrew Pile.
So I was like, oh, we should get Pile back on the show, right?
Last week's episode.
So Friday scheduled this before that one line.
What is this show?
If we're not doing the study well.
Why are we listening to this?
This is ambient music to study too.
I feel like people are now kind of on the low five beats.
You want low five beats?
Yeah.
To chill.
Like the study too.
Yeah.
Low five hip hop radio would be to relax slash study too.
You guys happy now?
Yeah.
Can you turn it down actually a little bit?
I can't hear anything.
God.
How's that?
Hello?
I'd say even a little bit.
Lower than that.
Yeah.
This is not how a study all is supposed to begin.
Well, it's ambient music.
I never had study hall.
You never had a free period?
No, I had had classes every period.
So that's why you're on the show.
Okay.
That's why you're on the show.
Because you took advantage of every block you had.
Yeah.
This one second.
Okay.
So one second.
To better yourself.
To soak the sponge of your brain in the fiery
Spum of joy and wisdom.
Ah.
What?
A fiery Spum?
No, it's like a come rag.
Yeah.
My brain is.
Yes.
Because it's so absorbent.
Let's just get into the study.
Right.
All right.
Let's start things off with a wiki roulette.
So this is like Russian roulette.
But instead of a bullet, it's sort of like knowledge.
Does that make sense?
Sure.
Yeah.
I feel like we missed an act of the show.
You think this should be like after the break?
What do you guys want?
You want to relax and just chat?
Play with the fuckers up.
I keep going.
The one thing that the one update that pile had.
He doesn't want to talk about.
What else has happened?
Well, it was the last time you were at Rosie's general.
It's been a while.
He's giving us the wrap it up.
Yeah.
And just sure.
I have a limited amount of time because my wife is getting a masters.
And so she has class.
Oh, shit.
And now.
I just cut the black on the.
I didn't know you could do it.
What about us?
No.
We can't do that.
What's she getting her master?
Because Jeff could not figure out his.
Not Jeff could not figure out how she is.
This shit actually didn't work.
We had we called on you in here and she couldn't figure it out either.
Well, that was the most hellish sound check.
I've better have ever been that sound check.
It's just we're not.
This isn't the rock and roll.
It's just plugging and unplugging.
Kind of.
And listening to music between that.
Just explosions and claps.
Test test test.
Test stop.
Yeah.
Power.
What?
It's an Italian Argentine cook business woman.
Executive and celebrity chef currently based in Brazil.
Paolo was born in Argentina.
The daughter of a middle class family.
Her paternal and maternal.
Reading Wikipedia pages.
And we'll comment on this shit.
It's study.
Just a game.
Is this a game?
Do you think studying is a game?
Sometime.
Wow.
Where'd you go to school?
It can be.
If you're studying to be on jeopardy.
Okay.
Well, that's not what's happening.
It's actually a study.
Where'd you go to school?
Uh-huh.
Massachusetts College of Art.
In design.
Masty.
Mass art.
This is massive.
Not a good episode already.
Why are you going to get you into the medicine?
From the school.
I went to Emerson because I went to College in Boston studied film.
And most people in LA who studied filming in College in Boston went to Emerson.
Um, let's fair.
Let's just catch up before you dive into the studies.
This is obviously.
Is this a game?
No, there's no point.
Wait.
What the point?
So you were just reading Wikipedia page.
And then we can discuss.
Okay.
Have you ever been in a class?
What's that?
Or studied.
Or been in a class?
I was in role.
Hmm.
Yeah.
Because like usually usually they say don't use Wikipedia for information.
That was a decade ago, Maria.
Also study hall is usually quiet.
Quiet.
Yeah.
The recipe.
Quiet.
See how that good is for audio.
See how good that is for audio.
Right.
This guy we need to study hall.
You guys didn't dress up at all.
Look at pile.
I'm dressed up.
No.
You didn't tell me anything about it.
Are those from A?
Are those glasses from A?
I'm wearing new socks.
I don't think so.
Hey.
I thought you meant these.
I was like, hey, doesn't sell glasses.
Oh.
Well, you know what?
For once, Maria goes to one of his mistakes.
I don't know.
Maybe that's why we should brush up on some of our knowledge.
Can you turn off this music?
You said.
You said low five.
I just want to go out.
No music.
She was introduced to the kitchen by her grandmother.
Power.
Yeah.
Caracelola.
Power.
Not power.
I was paying.
Power.
Yeah.
Caracelola.
She was a judge on Master Chef Bruce.
No.
Why is it important that we learn about Paula Caracelola?
Maria, you're on a trivia team.
That I was on for a semester.
And you were on for like two nights.
I went.
Yeah.
You're winning a lot recently.
Yes.
And how else do you learn knowledge by just fucking reading random shit
on the internet?
Yeah.
Not this way.
Do you want to read a book?
I guess.
Sure.
I could.
Really?
Have you ever read a book?
I don't really like reading books.
I did do that.
Well, book.
Most recently.
Yeah.
I read Slaughtching towards Bethlehem.
Have you guys read that?
No.
Jon Devi and pile?
Yeah.
Jon Devi and him.
Good.
Quite album is better, though.
I, that's the other one.
Frustone.
These.
Ambient poses.
Middle of answer.
What are you looking?
Like where are you looking?
Child.
Don't understand.
1.
2.
3.
4.
5.
6.
Computer screens. Oh look here. You guys are there. So I'm just kidding. I'm you too.
But we're not on your screen. Yeah, you're screen. You're screen as you
We just scratch the shit people loved the luncheon learn people said oh Jeff when he does a theme
The episodes are good. So I said let me put on a jacket
Let me study up on some knowledge
Sponge of my brain in the boiling hot spring. I play a trivia game. Oh, really?
Okay, let's play a trivia game. All right. I'm mine trivia games. No, boy. The ultimate online trivia quiz
Okay, okay, okay, or let's play. Let's play. Okay. All right. Here we go
Do you guys want to do general knowledge or just history or yeah general knowledge? Okay, because we can also do entertainment science and nature food and drink geography or dictionary
So I don't know which one sparking do we
General knowledge general knowledge reporting for duty
Was that okay in the 1995 Robin Williams flick what was jumanji a board game
Okay, didn't even have to let's stop the answers my desk
19 points for some reason
The headlands that flank the entrance to the straights of your balter not the rock
For once called the pillars of what a Apollo b Olympus
C Hercules or D Zeus
I
Like the length of pillars of Apollo that sounds nice. I'm gonna go with that. Okay, do you guys want to change the answer?
It's majority rules obviously so
Unless you get a lot of reasons
What's that I kind of like this and I like Olympus
I'm gonna say Olympus
That was incorrect
Well, was it it was
Hercules so I all that was my second by the way. It doesn't just say you're wrong on here
It actually just some and you have to guess it until you get it right and if you guess it
Forced you get three points instead of 19 first. Okay. Oh, okay, or this is awesome
This isn't awesome
It is better than in reading you reading us a week of being shown start in the 2007 film no country for old men
Whimmy Lee Joan Tommy Lee Jones is correct Jones. I also heard Joan
Which of these is not a type of kiss? I think pile might want to sit this one out not clearly your expertise
A S cameo B butterfly sea harness D French
I'm gonna go out on a limb here and say that they're all kisses because if you kiss, you know
If somebody's like strapped up right ready to peg ferris monshi
You could sort of give a smooch to the harness
Sure, Marika is that ever up is that a power you've ever harnessed?
I think harness harness is right answer. Yeah, according I'm so far so we get we got 12 for that one for some reason
I don't understand this at all. I think it's I think it's timing
Okay, this case he insert fast
According to the 2012 CA world fact book which country is the highest life expense expectancy with nearly 94 years for females
A Denmark
That's not it. It's I mean, I mean, I mean Greenland it's Malaysia Morocco Monaco or Madagascar
It's definitely Monaco. I'm gonna say Monaco. Yeah, I said Monaco at 10 points. So yeah
Because there's like no one there. What was the top rated US TV show? Oh rich for the 1990 to 1991
Friends, Frank though friends was not it cheers. Was it this sucks? What are you doing in the answers?
The option you know, I we got to figure this shit
Just find out difference
You had something planned this was the plan
This was the one
What are you plugging 10 things in?
What do you mean? That's what we have to do
You've never been to the L.A. studio in this modern iteration in the post chef Kevin era
All right, he's fucked this whole thing on chef Kevin. No, I love him as a person
What is this? I'm taking a video from what it looks like over here
We got to figure this episode out
I resent the application that I'm the only reason why episodes are bad right?
You guys are bringing the ice today not the heat good not a game
But the ice
What about thing areas of expertise that you guys are already versed in what do you guys want to fucking
Wax about tell me about let's let's spread some knowledge that that's already soaked into the sponges of a rain the warm soapy
Goodness it sounds like like I had the best idea for what this episode could be which is calling
Yeah, do my show that I host with you guys
Let's do that so we don't have to record tomorrow
And then you put it on both feeds why don't you try to come and do everybody?
I feel like
Tension is what this episode is missing right because you guys are all on the same team. Oh, thank you
I'm with you. I don't know right we're all kind of on the same team
So what if it was sort of us are all of us are
I like your question about what what do what knowledge do we all have to share like we all had a power point party
Okay, right and then we can all like sort of try to teach some way the you know the three of us
I've never done one of those power point parties. They seem fun. They seem yeah, I've never done it there. What is that
Like everyone's like a new form of party for
Performing like in your room party
Maria get doesn't get invited to these you can tell the Tom bro
So what you like to do she's gonna invite it to them. I think she'd be great at it. Yeah, by all have you read auto by Nabakov
No, fuck you guys
What if you learned and tell us about it Jeff? I just started it. I'm 49 pages into the shit
I'm very back yesterday. What's the fact? What's the fact? Do I need to put it in the form of like a trivia question?
What is this? No just tell us
I'll always get this it's literally a trivia show so far so I was kind of trying to I'm feeling bad in this moment
Because every episode of I was done in the last year and a half we've been a nothing burger. It's totally
I used to blame it on him but now it's my first episode ever part of this is all you're about it again me yeah
Study hall
Why was the word hello invented what was it invented for?
I'm guessing it has something to do with you know how you wave to show that you don't have any weapons
It's something like that like like invented for the telephone
So you don't have you up in the word hello was like pretty much not in use until a telephone came around
How do you guys all answer the phone? Let's start with KC hello
Rica hello
Hello
Never mind
We
You yours was great
As the word I didn't say that I said how do you answer the Fender Graham Bell
No
Because his idea was what word he wanted to use howdy a
Hoi
He wanted to say a hoi. That was funny. Wait say that again KC
Who's he thinking he is a mere blooming field
Kadasas
Drag him
KC keep going what else do you hate about him here? Oh, I if he just says a hoi yeah any time I
Really does it creates
Hoi Hoi yeah, Hoi Hoi yeah more
And then he asks how I'm doing not the sequence of events when you run into his ass
Name some complaints about the old boss man
Big balls man you guys know that's long no
No
Guys you hear that sound
That's the sound of a sale you're missing out on because you're not selling on Shopify and what does it sound like with Shopify?
Much better now start selling with Shopify today Shopify is the commerce platform revolutionizing millions of businesses worldwide
So whether you're a garage entrepreneur or IPO ready
Shopify's the only tool you need to start run and grow your business without the struggle
Shopify puts you in control of every sales channel
So whether you're selling satin sheets from Shopify's in-person POS system or offering organic olive oil and Shopify's all in one
E commerce platform you're covered and once you've reached your audience
Shopify has the internet's best converting checkout to help you turn them from browsers to buyers
Now I've never sold with Shopify, but I have bought with Shopify and I have to say sometimes when I'm on the fence about whether or not
I want to buy something online and I see it's a Shopify checkout or it's a Shopify store they run their e-commerce
I'm a little bit more apt to buy because I'm like, okay, I can trust them and I've used Shopify for you know
The trust is a huge issue, but it's also like I don't have to create an account
I don't have to go through this person's like personal, you know POS system or e-commerce system
I know that a Shopify it might even still have my information saved and that's like that saves me like 15 30 seconds
Which sounds like not that much guys, but when you're trying to sell product any little thing that you can do to try and convince someone to buy
to turn browsers into buyers is huge
Shopify powers 10% of all e-commerce in the US and Shopify's truly global force powering all birds
Ruffies in Brooklyn and millions of others entrepreneurs of every size over 170 countries
Plus Shopify's award-winning help is there to support your success every step of the way
Sign up for a $1 per month trial period at Shopify.com slash podcast one all over case again
That's Shopify.com slash podcast one to take your business to the next level today
Shopify.com slash podcast one. Let's hear that sound again
Nice
Guys American spend an average of 90% of their time indoors breathing over 30,000 gallons of air daily and according to the EPA
Indoor air could be two to five times more polluted than outdoor air and in some cases
It could be a hundred times more polluted data shows that air pollution is responsible for nearly
7 million premature deaths across the world. I
Lumin Los Angeles it's a highly polluted area and that's why I use air doctors air purifiers because I
Always know that when I walk into my apartment the air is cleaner and I can feel it
I can feel it in my chest I can feel it in my nose a friend of mine doesn't have an air purifier
I was over their house and then I took a COVID test like 15 minutes after I left and there was like black
Dust mole. I don't know what it was they were right off the freeway though and that's not uncommon
We don't always know what we're breathing in especially indoors when you might assume that that air is clean
But it actually might not be and that's where air doctor comes in
Introducing an air purifier that captured the attention of established media outlets such as CNN money ABC and more
Air doctor filters out dangerous contaminants and allergens such as pollen pet dander dustmights and mold
So your lungs don't have to their ultra-hepofilter has been independently tested to remove 99.99
of tested bacteria and viruses and virtually
100% of particles as small as 0.003 microns. That's infinite desemone guys
They also feature whisper jet fans making it 30% quieter than ordinary air purifiers
Right now air doctor is offering a 30-day money back guarantee so if you don't love it just send it back for a refund
Minus shipping thanks air doctor
I'll share you some part of the shop
That's Jeffs
Do you consider yourself nuts why I said it was bad
Wow
We're gonna name this show Jeff couldn't get a word in edge wise at the hands of
I love that I actually really love that
I'd be really good if we and I think that we should just continue
If we continue talking about things that were really knowledgeable about he can't really like
edge himself in
I mean you don't they have an knowledge base you don't think I have a wide stance when it comes to my brain
Well, I think that no but also
If it's something so niche you wouldn't necessarily be able to like get a get a word and our
Sand art
Does anybody know about that? I haven't done it. I'm asking I want to learn
Yeah one time I put layers of sand in the middle like a bag
I guess you could do it on a bag. You can do it on a bag where it hangs and then it like draw stuff
That kind of sand art would you describe it as a particular at that point?
No, no
Piled you consider yourself top brass that I'd go
I guess so I feel like if you go down the ship
I don't have to
I say I think you go down the ship goes down with you is what I was saying because you
Yes, that's probably the case
That got us the funding I mean angel and series a we should say
None of that happens without any repile and we're not going in a lot, but I think it's actually a pretty cool guy
Who are you talking? Thanks. Where are you going with this? I'm not going anywhere. I was just trying to give you your daps
You do so thank you appreciate last king maybe to you do consider yourself top brass
Why are you sitting down for this yeah?
Guess so
Maybe you should stop documenting him because he's got you got a big head really quickly
I give one government and he's like yeah, I'm kind of top brass. Yeah, well, you keep saying it over again
It's just kind of like I feel suspicious
What do you think the hammer's gonna drop at some point? I guess. I don't know. Why does everyone still shake you around me?
I think you
Put people off
We're on edge because that's that's two different. Oh, but it's not off of the edge. What is it?
And they're the clothes not on stable ground club. Yeah, you don't think I'm around you guy
What's not grounded about the house you kind of build a house with no foundation how so
I don't understand. I genuinely want to know
Or you rip the foundation from under it
People move house like what this people does not rip the foundation up with the house on a truck and drive
To the next location planted in it. Yeah, but they're not living in it
On the truck
What else what else can I be better? You're saying that I need to give people solid we need to teach I don't think we need to
Teach you anything
There's nothing I can teach you
Because you don't have the knowledge base. I don't think any of my knowledge can help you in any way. Yeah
Okay, what if I did have the real estate mentally
For knowledge for bettering myself
You refer to it the same as a comrade about 10 minutes ago. So I don't really know if you're useful absorbent
And I use it every day
You have how do you better yourself?
I try to surround myself with people that are better than me. That's why this episode specifically is a little difficult. See you leech off
He leech off of people leech or I'm a part of a community. It's all that I spin community of leaches. No
two solid guys
The gender neutral and one leech
Two gender neutral solid gangs
And then so things so that's a lot of people actually
Are they rival gangs? I don't know. I just I'm trying to make it so that's what I'm gonna show
That's what I'm trying to figure out. I'm trying to make myself more presentable to y'all so that you guys feel more comfortable sharing
Pile hasn't lowered his shoulders for a decade and I've got a last two and a half years of that is me
Lowered my shoulders. What do you mean? Yeah your tense your frustration hardware behind you
That the couch yeah, I think it is actually top brass it might be top as Brad. It's my mother-in-laws
I didn't know that so when I said top brass just now. I thought you paid for the cut something and I did learn some you learned something about we never talk about you guys
Right how good how you guys could be better pile how has the company not IPO man?
That's on your ass
Well, I only were big enough for an IPO. You need to be pretty large generally then a fucking sale to like I heart radio
serious XM radio
Apple
Cash show man. Yeah, you said you want to move the Massachusetts
Real estate there is pretty expensive compared to the Hudson Valley
Actually the property taxes are a lot lower in Massachusetts than here really
Yeah, part of the reason I'm looking
I think
Something you could learn Jeff is like you'll talk about people
and then incorrectly but you don't
You like make them correct you and then you kind of look the fool. I don't look the fool
Because you know, so maybe you just like ask them
Why does man answer for it?
How much he doesn't know right?
So for me to come in here and be vulnerable with you guys for me to be like teach me better me
better help and
To talk to pile about his finances to learn about his vision for the company
I think is me being open me being vulnerable. I don't see how that's not wrong
I think you're learning I think you're just kind of feeling his mouth with words
That's not me filling his mouth words. This is me filling his mouth words
I'm Andrew pile and I support the death penalty
Do you me pile
Yeah, and I don't think you should pay any property taxes for good lower
Yeah, that's me to a tea. I mean
If you know anything about me, you know I hate taxes and that um
Minor offenders should be put to death just kind of my two two main things
Oh wait to describe your life as death in taxes
In red hooking your skin on my old my whole platform actually yeah
Where do your policies Jeff? No phones
And study home study all
Let's start there. Let's see if it sparks joy or wisdom and then we'll maybe do it for
In perpetuity
So no phones ever at never well not in study hall not at the dinner table and
And definitely not in the presence of anyone that I'm uncomfortable with because
You don't want to be on a phone in the presence of someone you're uncomfortable
Yeah, you know you said face you just said that's literally what you just said by it
Yes, we put it me on the spot right fucking platform. I don't fucking you know
I don't want to be in politics. I did have an idea to become
Nwarren ambassador to the US what does that mean is it not clear?
I thought that was a place noir
Nara like
No, so you
You could film noir maybe that would be part of my ambassador ship, but basically there's this tiny island up the coast of Australia
Called noir you are I'm already forgetting it noir and you a I aren't you don't know this is the first time I'm hearing about it study
Yeah, so yeah, so it's this tiny little
Island off the coast of Australia it's one of the smallest countries in the world
They don't have a lot of money. They don't have a lot of connections either do I right so I think it's perfect fit
And I'm obviously not gonna be a US ambassador to anywhere, but I'd love to become a diplomat
And I feel like noir to the US is my best chance because I know people like pile
He's rich. I know people like Marika diversity and I know people like a mirror who's kind of famous
That's yeah
How's your resume? It looks great and you a are a I want to say
And you are years for some ever hearing about it. Do you guys support my ambassador?
Is that if I have a son? Are you ambassador for head gum there or the United States?
I mean all that connections you named were were people ahead ago. I also know shackle
She also works ahead ago. Yeah, but she's married to a chef
Now we're starting to get into like the Gordon Ramsay territory. I'm sure he's done a fucking stint with Ramsay
I looked up
The place and the first thing that came up was it's immigration detention center, which is 2.5 stars on Google or if you
That's not bad for attention center, though
Anyway, I'm really sending people
I think this like a big thing. It's really sad like yeah, basically Australia
I think this is my theory
They they still have not escaped that, you know, inception story of like the British the British making Australia
Yeah, what do you call it? Yeah, so they you know trauma begets trauma and they if I can do it
Don't want her people her people actually right so I think that I can
Increase the piece when the go she is. Oh, I have another fact about a South Pacific Island that we can do all right
Okay, trivia
Uh
Tovolu. I think is the name of the island
Tyna all in South Pacific. I think it was joining the UN or something and they needed to pay like
$100,000 to do it and they didn't have it. How did they raise the money to join the UN?
You can't start her take service. Good. You go go. They sold their domain
dot TV
For how much?
I don't know enough to join the UN. I guess in the least
Tovolu.tv
I think it's too volatile is the name of the
Preview is supposed to be to all dot TV
Smart
Jack box dot TV
Right
Game right sort of a study all in a bit so
I got that last time. I don't know. You never around
I
Say if I haven't tossed the camera on the podcast that we do together the first the main person on the cover art has not been in most of the episodes
I'll be there tomorrow at 11 a.m. That's important
Right
I've talked to you in six months
People keep love people love to keep saying that I don't actually work at the company because I'm a contractor
So that's my scapegoat in this conversation. Is that don't actually work here?
Yeah
Self-employed
Ten ninety nine. You like that self-employed
No, it actually makes my taxes really difficult and you're getting an apartment tough because they make me show the sucks
Hold W2
We're going to need to
W9
Yeah, did it for years
That's how we're gonna hear well. I don't I'll I'll lose my health care in November
Hmm
So I'll tell you just do cow health. Yeah, I did that for a while. Yeah, I broke my hip didn't really get a
Skateboarding or skateboarding skateboarding skateboarding
Skate-goating you said skate boarding
Just wondering who you threw under the bus
Uh
Anything else
Broke a sip
That's just fucking federal losses. This is an awful episode. This is all your fault. No, it's not I've brought this
Yeah, that's a study hall. We were going to do random Wikipedia pages
Different guests we might have liked this. You know, I would I think we're like this
Red yeah
There's no way he would have
Pile you look confused can sad like you wish he hadn't done this
I could have talked about so many
Different things in my knowledge base. Yeah, the floor is no problem. I need one of us
Anyone of us could have I could have I could have done the pit wall in the inside of this podcast
Which was my plan
I could have talked about the state of Broadway a New York theater
Let's hear it
Well, that's gonna take too long now
It's hard, you know because like people are like oh, I want to listen to your podcast
I'm like let me make sure I choose which one you will listen to because if it's one like this
They're gonna think it's nothing, but you you you you you plan nothing
Everything in my plan you plan the show. Okay, you host it
You we got we got a message from on you that said
Jeff has requested you three by name me Pile and Marieka to do an episode
Oh the headgun podcast two weeks out
So I was thinking wow Jeff must have something planned and I show up here and you just started reading study
Oh, like a PDF study all man it was supposed to be a whole thing where we all went around and learned shit
But you guys haven't participated you're like I have a wide knowledge base several facts
I've learned
Marieka's like I could have done this like could have waxed about Broadway
Then why didn't you and how's that on me? I said let's all share facts and you didn't
When was when did you say that I've never heard you say let's I'm inserting it right now
At the end
I said it that was audio of me saying
Yeah
What do I want you guys to fucking further the progress of this shit?
We should run a branded show Broadway feeders that have nothing in them right now
Empty
There's shows closing left and right what's happening? Yeah, I thought Broadway was back baby. Yeah
I heard Broadway that's what they'll say that's what they said when you walked into the theater
For the first time in 2021, but let me tell you
It's not doing well or most shows aren't doing well. Why do you think that is Marieka?
You got a lot of shows. What are you seeing out there on shows? Hey look take a prices
too high
not accessible
shows oftentimes
Not good just
Hey sometimes sometimes they're not sometimes they're not and that's why it's okay
Sometimes they're not good
I mean we might have to scrap this
Well nobody's nobody's paying
$200 to see this show so and we also haven't like invited I guess we do invite reviewers every week to
Review this show, but yeah, why don't we just do a call to action man
Guys
Leave some five star reviews. We'll start reading them a lot on the show action
Now in the middle of this episode. I think we should do plus review. What do you think
How do you think you could save this episode Jeff? What what in your mind should I will turn it all out
I did what I planned you guys hated it brick wall ran into it nose first. I there's no way that you planned
You planned the study hall I believe you could have done that. You're wearing the costume land
That the study hall was just going to be reading Wikipedia art. I did actually
All right, so you read one like a five minutes before we read the whole page
Caricella yeah
Are you gonna read the whole page or why don't you guys said you hated it?
Well, you can just skip the next page. You wanted to read the whole page. Let's go to another one
Are you just clicking random article? How are you getting what could you roulette?
List of ambassadors of Canada to Germany. Maybe I could immigrate to Canada
We go that shit out can you I don't think I want to
Canada has no diplomatic mission
Sorry Canada had no diplomatic mission to Germany before the second world war
Oh, it had immigration agents in the country as early as even like this idea they that you wanted to do
Sometimes needing to wait the space sometimes like you're tired of it plan something that I'm like
Oh, this will be bad and then they'll all laugh and jump down my throat and people will like that
This I you know you're seeing how the sausage gets made a little bit too much casey, but this and this was one of those times
Yeah, okay, I just think I really are not jumping down
We're not exactly what you wanted to do in the exact show that you I guess had planned all along
I really think that it doesn't matter what I prepare
It matters if I don't bring anything but if I bring like the luncheon learn was a great episode
That was a very thin premise people liked that one
Somebody commented if Jeff prepares even a little bit the show's good
I thought that was a good episode better than this one by the way
You wanted it to though. No, I thought yeah, you look at a certain it three on one works because there's joy between the three of you you guys are islands
We aren't we are miles apart. Yes, and there's just I don't this could have gone well as my point
I could have done the same thing and if you guys were in different moods it would have been better
You have like a sound when you think of something from that you think are it's like yeah, it's a lot
What do you think affected our mood?
Should I you guys want me to freestyle or I song?
No
So you know what I'm gonna have an update all right. I'm gonna see if I'm gonna see if my cousin can make me a
Like
That webpage what I can't think of what it's called a page on his website
Yes, it is
My cousin grows rice and he started selling it and I'm going to see if he can make a page for the headgump podcast
So we can send people to go buy his rice. That's good. Can we do like a chamberland coffee type thing where it's headgump podcast rice?
Just in bags it's fine right right as opposed to how else
I feel crazy right now
I really feel like it's bad just in bags is fine that's what I'm saying like and then you just like stick the fucking logo
They're sold that's what they're fucking sold right
It's the same rubber hand like things race chain real in topic
Headgump podcast race
People are seeing and changing this shit as they would sand yeah, I think they would post on on line a lot and like use
The songs on TikTok exactly right as they post themselves burning rice
They will get a great idea. Thank you, case
You know what I want to do I want to give a shout out to this guy. He posted it to the Jacob and me a red subreddit
He made his own
Parity it made me really happy
Let me find it. Wow it was really good
He might have deleted it. I'm not saying it anymore
You made it up. No, I did you had a dream about it for you. Okay. Here we go
This is from a U slash aspiring and underscore enthusiast
Wake up every evening
With a big pile on my play a bryside will intake
You're still probably working
With a seared soy base. I wonder how bad that tastes
When you make it to hell by the armoured rice. You burn your rice
Can't tell when you eat. I'm speed. Hope you burn your rice with the burn your rice
Now where's that hoisin bottle
This rice tastes so bland
Did you ever saw your sand
You never ruined your grains
I've never seen all of them
Yeah, it's really good
He's using all the same words. Do you use every time? I love it
I'm proud. I'm proud. I'm proud. I'm proud.
You burn your rice. You burn your rice
And what's again? I'm proud. What are you guys doing?
You're proud. You eat a plan. What am I supposed to plan?
We can't so nice
That's your only food better eat twice. Do you burn your rice? I hope you're pairing your rice
Normal guitars all
Who did that again? That was a
Reddit user aspiring enthusiast
Great job aspiring. He's got a shout out. It was really good. That's Jake's uh
Ensure him it. I thought it was just enthusiast
No
To be that off brass. How do I get in the seas? How do I get in the seas? How do I get in the seas? I think first you have to be a salary employee
That's an insurmountable goal for me. Yeah
Pile let's talk about marriage and red hook. Sure
What are the spots man? Where do you guys go? Oh jeez
Let me think uh
There's a couple nice restaurants around
There's a place called Stissing House just in pine plains
There's a French place in pine plains. There's also a really good
There's uh we've had some noodles. The place called yami um noodles. I think that's in red
out. That was good
Rind back to that spots. It's got a really good full-fleddle place. It's got a really good Indian food place
Careful
What
What do you guys have going on when you want to plant the people towards the start of the pile?
Are you fucking kidding me? You guys are mad that I'm ending the show. I'm trying to cut you guys loose for your Monday evenings
Trying to do something nice for once
Listen the pit wall just not on it. So it's like this should be on tomorrow. I'll be on it tomorrow. I was on it a week ago
I was on it a week ago great episode you're on it two weeks ago
Yeah, we recorded you watch this race Jeff. Yeah, I will tonight
You don't have to but I was just wondering
You look at me while you did that
I think you should watch it. I were going into a podcast about
Also, I don't I don't I don't think he has to watch it. Yeah, this guy's don't argue
I can feel like basically about to get really heated
No, I don't think it will
I think we're mature adults that can discuss things. I think it can be a kind of a fun angle of Jeff
Does on and he hasn't watched it and we're telling him about it
I
agree
But if you want to watch it you can
Follow me on blue sky threads
X slash Twitter letter boxed Instagram
TikTok at Marie Gay line
Buy me a GE ice machine. That's why I have a tick-tock account
Just so I can try and get out and have a ice machine
500 dollars
To make ice. That was a really loud though
I at this point I don't care. I need
Nugget ice. I've wanted it for years and now
The girlies on TikTok are just selling their souls for GE
Opal ice machines
Selling their souls. I want to be that
They're not really they're just doing ads for them and doing giveaways that I can't win. Oh, these are like
You can buy like home versions of this. This isn't like the kind you find in the hallway of a hotel
No, no, no, wow. This is third. Yeah. I'm gonna have to look into this
Yeah, you are because it's great. Nugget ice is great
Also just plugging Nugget ice
And listen to the pit wall
And go see a Broadway show if you live in New York. They're cool or off Broadway theater
Who fucking cares nothing matters. Yeah, listen to the pit wall. We're all on it
There's there's always a nice structure to it
We know what we're gonna talk about when we start the show all the way until when we finish the show
We have notes. It's always on track
We were on track today. I'm track for what about episode
Yeah
And I ended there
Brutal
Ah
That was a hit-dum original